graphqlbackend: add permissionsSyncJobs query (#44387)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- A structural search diagnostic to warn users when a language filter is not set. [#43835](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/43835)
- GitHub/GitLab OAuth success/fail attempts are now a part of the audit log. [#43886](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/43886)
- When rendering a file which is backed by Git LFS, we show a page informing the file is LFS and linking to the file on the codehost. Previously we rendered the LFS pointer. [#43686](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/43686)

> - A new experimental endpoint, `permissionsSyncJobs`, that lists the states of recently completed permissions sync jobs and the state of each provider. [#44387](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/44387)

Reviewer: Let's be precise here, it's not an endpoint :)

```suggestion
- A new experimental GraphQL query, `permissionsSyncJobs`, that lists the states of recently completed permissions sync jobs and the state of each provider. [#44387](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/44387)
```
